hi i'm steve perry of jonah violence
friends of el tennessee record Smoky
Mountains today I'm going to show you a
an interesting violin this is a Heinrich
Theodore heavy line jr. Martin a Karakum
from 1960 which is a younger date than
we used to seeing this particular one
was set up by Glenn Stevens of the
classic violin in Gatlinburg he's he's
no longer there he's moved back to Texas
and was played by a well-known local
fiddler for many years until he got one
of those fancy Italian jobs it's a
pretty much a standard LK suit German
work on American violin it's got a
beautiful medium grain spruce top a
little bit of bear claw it's got a
really nice ascending flame European
maple back and nice tight not too
strongly flame neck feels good small
eyes on the scroll scroll is very nicely
done all the work bishop is excellent
it's got a little little chip on one
corner it's a tiny bit but in remarkable
condition got my bear number seven
bridge it's got fine tuners so I can I
can modify any of this for you if you
want and it's got dominant strings it's
also got a very nice sound
so it's got a lot of darkness but it
still has a good core responds very
cleanly and smoothly that's it's really
a nice nice nice instrument and it'll
like someone very very happy if you want
to be that person this instruments
making happy if you have any other
questions just give me a call thanks
very much for watching